sk-sk list_of_crimes_slovak.txt
en-us list_of_crimes_english.txt
en-gb list_of_crimes_english.txt
bg-bg list_of_crimes_bulgarian.txt
cs-cz list_of_crimes_czech.txt
fr-fr list_of_crimes_french.txt
fr-be list_of_crimes_french.txt
de-de list_of_crimes_german.txt
de-at list_of_crimes_german.txt
de-ch list_of_crimes_german.txt
el-gr list_of_crimes_greek.txt
nl-nl list_of_crimes_dutch.txt
nl-be list_of_crimes_dutch.txt
hu-hu list_of_crimes_hungarian.txt
it-it list_of_crimes_italian.txt
lv-lv list_of_crimes_latvian.txt
en-lv list_of_crimes_english.txt
lt-lt list_of_crimes_lithuanian.txt
pl-pl list_of_crimes_polish.txt
pt-pt list_of_crimes_portuguese.txt
ro-ro list_of_crimes_romanian.txt
sl-sl list_of_crimes_slovenian.txt